Update seamless-mdm-migration.md (#23143)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/seamless-mdm-migration.md

This guide will walk you through the entire process of migrating your MDM deployment to Fleet. You’ll start by understanding the specific requirements for a seamless migration, followed by configuring Fleet with the necessary certificates and database records. The guide will then take you through the process of installing Fleet’s agent (`fleetd`) on your devices, updating domain (DNS) records to redirect devices to the Fleet server, and finally, decommissioning your old MDM server.

Throughout the guide, you’ll find practical advice and best practices to ensure a smooth transition with minimal risk. By the end, you’ll be equipped with the knowledge and tools to execute a seamless MDM migration to Fleet, ensuring that your organization’s devices are securely managed without the typical headaches associated with a traditional MDM switch.

## Requirements

> Deployments that do not meet these seamless migration requirements can still migrate with the [standard MDM migration process](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/mdm-migration-guide).

> * Customer owns the domain (DNS) used in the MDM enrollment profile (eg. devices are enrolled to `*.customerowneddomain.com`, not `*.mdmvendor.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Customer owns the domain (DNS) used in the MDM enrollment profile (e.g. devices are enrolled to `*.customerowneddomain.com`, not `*.mdmvendor.com`).
```
